nextjs.md, before:

---
title: "The Current State of Next.js: Transforming the React Landscape"
date: 2023-07-16
tags: [Next.js, React, Web Development, JavaScript]
---

### Next.js - Revolutionizing React Development

Next.js, an open-source framework built on top of React, has been increasingly making waves in the web development landscape. Created by Vercel, it provides an out-of-the-box solution for server-side rendering (SSR), static site generation (SSG), API routes, and more. Next.js’ primary appeal lies in its promise of ease and efficiency, tackling traditional pain points in the React ecosystem such as routing, performance, and SEO. 

### Adopting Next.js: A Community Perspective

In recent years, the adoption of Next.js has soared. Large corporations, startups, and individual developers alike have found value in its feature set. It strikes a delicate balance between offering a rich, opinionated feature set while maintaining the flexibility to accommodate various use cases. In the developer community, the general consensus leans towards positive, with Next.js being praised for its ease of setup, intuitive file-based routing, built-in CSS and SASS support, and excellent developer experience.

### The Future of Next.js

Looking ahead, the future of Next.js seems promising. With its recent updates, Next.js has introduced even more features to enhance the developer experience and the application’s performance, including automatic image optimization, internationalized routing, and incremental static regeneration. The team behind Next.js continues to innovate and keep pace with the evolving web development needs. As the React ecosystem continues to grow and evolve, Next.js stands as a leading choice for developers seeking a comprehensive, reliable, and forward-thinking framework.

Commit message:

fm needs description field instead

nextjs.md, after:

---
title: "The Current State of Next.js: Transforming the React Landscape"
date: 2023-07-16
tags: [Next.js, React, Web Development, JavaScript]
description: "The current landscape of Javascript frameworks is changing. Dive in and explore what is new and what is old."
---

### Next.js - Revolutionizing React Development

Next.js, an open-source framework built on top of React, has been increasingly making waves in the web development landscape. Created by Vercel, it provides an out-of-the-box solution for server-side rendering (SSR), static site generation (SSG), API routes, and more. Next.js’ primary appeal lies in its promise of ease and efficiency, tackling traditional pain points in the React ecosystem such as routing, performance, and SEO. 

### Adopting Next.js: A Community Perspective

In recent years, the adoption of Next.js has soared. Large corporations, startups, and individual developers alike have found value in its feature set. It strikes a delicate balance between offering a rich, opinionated feature set while maintaining the flexibility to accommodate various use cases. In the developer community, the general consensus leans towards positive, with Next.js being praised for its ease of setup, intuitive file-based routing, built-in CSS and SASS support, and excellent developer experience.

### The Future of Next.js

Looking ahead, the future of Next.js seems promising. With its recent updates, Next.js has introduced even more features to enhance the developer experience and the application’s performance, including automatic image optimization, internationalized routing, and incremental static regeneration. The team behind Next.js continues to innovate and keep pace with the evolving web development needs. As the React ecosystem continues to grow and evolve, Next.js stands as a leading choice for developers seeking a comprehensive, reliable, and forward-thinking framework.
